Understanding Inversion of Control and How Promises Resolve It >>>>

✅ What is Inversion of Control (IoC)?
Inversion of Control occurs when you give control of how and when to execute a callback function to another function. This can lead to issues such as:
Multiple Invocations – The callback may be called more than once.
Missed Execution – The callback may not be called at all.
Unpredictable Timing – You lose control over when the callback is executed.
Error Handling Complexity – Handling errors within callbacks is messy and inconsistent.



🔍 Example of IoC with Callbacks

function download(url, cb) {
    console.log("Started downloading from", url);
    setTimeout(function exec() {
        console.log("Completed downloading after 5s");
        const content = "ABCDEF";
        cb(content); // Callback may be called once...
        cb(content); // ...or multiple times!
    }, 5000);
}

download("www.xyz.com", function processDownload(data) {
    console.log("Downloaded data is", data);
});


❌ Problems in this approach:
Loss of Control: We cannot ensure how many times the callback is called.
Callback Hell: Nesting multiple callbacks leads to difficult-to-read code.
Error Handling: We cannot easily handle errors across multiple callback layers.


✅ How Promises Solve Inversion of Control
A Promise is an object representing the eventual completion (or failure) of an asynchronous operation. 
It allows controlled execution of callbacks using .then(), .catch(), and .finally().

🟢 Revised Code Using Promises

function download(url) {
    console.log("Started downloading from", url);
    return new Promise(function exec(resolve, reject) {
        setTimeout(function () {
            console.log("Completed downloading after 5s");
            const content = "ABCDEF";
            resolve(content); // Only one execution allowed
        }, 5000);
    });
}

download("www.xyz.com")
    .then(function processDownload(data) {
        console.log("Data is", data);
    });


✅ Why This is Better:
-Single Execution Guarantee: resolve() or reject() can only be called once.
-Error Handling: Centralized error handling via .catch().
-Chaining: We can easily chain asynchronous tasks with .then().
-Consistency: Promises ensure a consistent flow of asynchronous logic.


📊 How Promises Prevent Inversion of Control
Issue with Callbacks	                Fixed by Promises
Callback may run multiple times	        resolve() or reject() runs only once.
Callback may never be called	        Promise stays in pending until resolved.
Difficult error propagation	            Unified error handling with .catch().
Nested, hard-to-read code	            Clean, linear flow with .then() chaining.
Loss of control over execution	        We control when and how to use the result.
