Git Cherry Picking
    Meaning:
    Cherry-picking means selecting a specific commit and applying it to your current branch.
    (Think of it like picking only one fruit from a tree instead of taking the whole tree.)


Scenario:
-You have two branches: main and feature.
-First, on the main branch, you make two commits.
-Then, you switch to the feature branch and make two more commits.
-You later hear that there's a bug fix in the second commit of the feature branch, and you want to cherry-pick that specific commit into the main branch.

Step-by-Step:
On the main branch:
    First, let's make two commits on the main branch.
        git checkout main
        echo "First commit on main" > file1.txt
        git add file1.txt
        git commit -m "First commit on main"

        echo "Second commit on main" > file2.txt
        git add file2.txt
        git commit -m "Second commit on main"

Switch to the feature branch:
    Now, let's create the feature branch and make two commits there.
        git checkout -b feature
        echo "First commit on feature" > feature1.txt
        git add feature1.txt
        git commit -m "First commit on feature"

        echo "Bug fix commit on feature" > feature2.txt
        git add feature2.txt
        git commit -m "Bug fix commit on feature"

Switch back to the main branch:
    After making the commits on feature, we switch back to the main branch.
        git checkout main
        echo "Another commit on main" > file3.txt
        git add file3.txt
        git commit -m "Another commit on main"

Identify the bug fix commit on the feature branch:
    Now, we want to cherry-pick the bug fix commit from the feature branch. First, let's find the commit ID for that bug fix commit.
        git log
    (In the log, we can see the commit IDs. The second commit on feature is the bug fix commit. Suppose its ID is abcd123.)

Cherry-pick the bug fix commit to the main branch:
    Now, we cherry-pick that specific commit from the feature branch into the main branch.
        git cherry-pick abcd123
    This will apply the bug fix commit from the feature branch to your main branch.



Notes:
If a conflict occurs during cherry-picking, you will need to resolve the conflicts manually.

After resolving, run:
    git add .
    git cherry-pick --continue
Cherry-picking is a very important concept when you want precise control over which changes you bring between branches.

